DOC: Corrected broken usage link (#4)
nhcarrigan/discord-rpc: README.md

## Creating Your Own

> To see how to set up your own RPC, view our [usage instructions](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/discord-rpc#creating-your-own).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see how to set up your own RPC, view our [usage instructions](./USAGE.md).
```
Linking to the same section of the README doesn't accomplish much. 🙂 

As discussed in the issue, we should only need to change the casing of the file extension to resolve the broken link.

Author: Done :) .
